Stronghold REPL (#447)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: client/examples/README.md

    - [Create a snapshot](#create-a-snapshot)
    - [Read a Snapshot From Filesystem](#read-a-snapshot-from-filesystem)
    - [Recover a BIP39 Seed with a Mnemonic and Optional Passphrase](#recover-a-bip39-seed-with-a-mnemonic-and-optional-passphrase)

> 2) [REPL example](#repl-example): A read-evaluate-print-loop for interactively working with a Stronghold instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) [REPL example](#repl-example): A read-evaluate-print-loop for interactively working with a Stronghold instance.
```

[2022-03-28T08:35:13Z INFO  cli] Recovering BIP39
[2022-03-28T08:35:13Z INFO  cli] BIP39 Recovery successful? true
```

## REPL Example

> Stronghold features a simple read-evaluate print loop (REPL) to showcase basic operations from an interaction command shell-like environment. The REPL maintains a state of a running Stronghold instance to store secrets or configuration data. 
> 
> The REPL can be started from a terminal via inside the root folder of Stronghold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stronghold features a simple read-evaluate print loop (REPL) to showcase basic operations from an interaction command shell-like environment. The REPL maintains a state of a running Stronghold instance to store secrets or configuration data. 

You can start REPL from a terminal inside the root folder of Stronghold by running the following command:
```

> ```
> cargo run --example repl
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```shell
cargo run --example repl
```
````

> Following commands are defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Avaiablable Commands

You can use the following commands:
```

> | Command      | Parameters                                                                                          | Description                                                                                                                   |
> |:-------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | help         | -                                                                                                   | Display a help message                                                                                                        |
> | init         | < client_path >                                                                                     | initializes the underlying Stronghold system                                                                                  |
> | keygen       | < key_type > < vault_path > < record_path >                                                         | Generates a key "ed25510" or "x25519", at location composed of "vault_path" and "record_path"                                 |
> | backup       | < path_to_snapshot_location > < passphrase >                                                        | Writes the current Stronghold state to "path_to_snapshot_location" (a path) with "passphrase"                                 |
> | restore      | < path_to_snapshot_location > < passphrase >                                                        | Loads the current Stronghold state from "path_to_snapshot_location" (a path) with "passphrase"                                |
> | slip10gen    | < vault_path > < record_path >                                                                      |                                                                                                                               |
> | slip10derive | < chain > < vault_path_origin > < record_path_origin > < vault_path_derive > < record_path_derive > | Derives a new key from old location and stores it into the new location. The key is being derive from the provided chain code |
> | mnemonic     | -                                                                                                   | Creates a BIP39 mnemonic and generates a seed                                                                                 |
> | bip39restore | -                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                               |
> | quit         | -                                                                                                   | Exits the REPL                                                                                                                |
> | checkrecord  | < vault_path > < record_path >                                                                      | Checks a record inside the vault, if it exists                                                                                |
> | checkvault   | < vault_path >                                                                                      | Checks for the presence of a vault                                                                                            |
> 
> **Note:**
> Each command will show a short help message, if the entered command was incorrect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

| Command      | Parameters                                                                                          | Description                                                                                                                    |
|:-------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| help         | -                                                                                                   | Display a help message.                                                                                                        |
| init         | < client_path >                                                                                     | Initializes the underlying Stronghold system.                                                                                  |
| keygen       | < key_type > < vault_path > < record_path >                                                         | Generates a "ed25510" or "x25519" key at a location composed of "vault_path" and "record_path".                                |
| backup       | < path_to_snapshot_location > < passphrase >                                                        | Writes the current Stronghold state to "path_to_snapshot_location" (a path) with "passphrase".                                 |
| restore      | < path_to_snapshot_location > < passphrase >                                                        | Loads the current Stronghold state from "path_to_snapshot_location" (a path) with "passphrase".                                |
| slip10gen    | < vault_path > < record_path >                                                                      |                                                                                                                                |
| slip10derive | < chain > < vault_path_origin > < record_path_origin > < vault_path_derive > < record_path_derive > | Derives a new key from old location and stores it into the new location. The key will be derived from the provided chain code. |
| mnemonic     | -                                                                                                   | Creates a BIP39 mnemonic and generates a seed.                                                                                 |
| bip39restore | -                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                                |
| quit         | -                                                                                                   | Exits the REPL.                                                                                                                |
| checkrecord  | < vault_path > < record_path >                                                                      | Checks a record inside the vault. The command will return `yes` if the record exists or `no` if it doesn't.                    |
| checkvault   | < vault_path >                                                                                      | Checks for the presence of a vault.                                                                                            |

**Note:**
Each command will show a short help message, if the entered command or parameters are incorrect.
```

Reviewer: btw, the description `checkrecord` seemed to hint that it would return the record if it exists or something similar. "Checks a record inside the vault, if it exists"  Should we add this?

Author: > "Checks a record inside the vault, if it exists"
yeah, i agree here. `checkrecord` returns "yes" or "no", but not the record itself. I will update this phrase.

Reviewer: I can do it in the suggestion if you want :)

Author: No, the record will not be returned, but "yes" or "no" will be displayed in case the record exists or not. Otherwise it would break the main principle of Stronghold.

Author: > I can do it in the suggestion if you want :)

Okidoki :+1:

Reviewer: Updated the suggestion to reflect this.

Author: awesome :+1:

[2022-03-28T08:35:13Z INFO  cli] Recovering BIP39
[2022-03-28T08:35:13Z INFO  cli] BIP39 Recovery successful? true
```

## REPL Example

Stronghold features a simple read-evaluate print loop (REPL) to showcase basic operations from an interaction command shell-like environment. The REPL maintains a state of a running Stronghold instance to store secrets or configuration data. 

You can start REPL from a terminal inside the root folder of Stronghold by running the following command:

```shell
cargo run --example repl
```

> ### Avaiablable Commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Available Commands
```

It seems I submitted a typo before, sorry :(
